c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.dll.config
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.pdb
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.dll
c:\users\krn\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.pdb
C:\Users\KRN\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Entities.dll
C:\Users\KRN\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Entities.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.dll.config
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Common.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Entities.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\WebGrease.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Authentication.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\EntityFramework.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Common.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Entities.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\StayHealthy.Authentication.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\EntityFramework.xml
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\obj\Debug\StayHealthy.pdb
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
D:\Projects\StayHealthy\StayHealthy\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
